Add instructions for accessing the dev database (#2140)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/data-model/backends.md

- You have [Docker installed](https://www.docker.com/get-started/) and in `PATH`.
- The port `5432` isn't taken.

> ### Accessing the Dev Database
> 
> In case you might want to connect to the dev database through the CLI or using external tools like [pgAdmin](https://www.pgadmin.org/), the credentials are printed in the console when you run `wasp db start`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
In case you might want to connect to the dev database through the external tool like `psql` or [pgAdmin](https://www.pgadmin.org/), the credentials are printed in the console when you run `wasp db start`, at the very start.
:::

```
